she said okay now come here right pass
the car and over there is it Thomson's
gazelle look at that posture and that
movement that quickly that means to them
stay put
you're not big enough yet you stay I'll
hunt and if I want you to come I'll call
you listen for the call that's what
those little Cubs are doing now look
what she's doing now she's almost
crawling along the ground those Cubs are
being treated to a master class it's
vital that they pay close attention it's
a very slow process learning to do what
honey does so well when you were running
at the speeds that sheers
6070 miles an hour 120 kilometers are
now you get it wrong you break a leg
there she goes she's seen what she wants
top gear
[Music]
no escape she's gonna get it she's going
to get it quick twist she's got it she's
on his tail she's got it Annie you are
the real deal there's something for
those Cubs to aim for